[IMP] barcode: update hardware setup doc (#7947)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/barcode/setup/hardware.rst

When using Zebra scanners, ensure the following keystroke configurations are set to prevent errors.

Begin on the Zebra scanner's home screen, and select the :guilabel:`DataWedge` app (the app is

> represented by a :guilabel:`light blue barcode` icon).

Reviewer: By @samueljlieber's logic this should be wrapped in parenthesis, as well, since, theoretically, an emoji would normally accompany the label (if there were one available for us to use).

```suggestion
represented by a :guilabel:`(light blue barcode)` icon).
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

Once all those steps have been taken, perform a test scan to ensure the Zebra scanner is working
properly, as intended.

Honeywell mobile computer scanner
=================================

> When using Honeywell scanners, ensure the following configurations are set to prevent errors.

Reviewer 2: I asked @mejg-odoo for extra context on why we need these configurations to prevent errors. Feel free to modify my suggestion as you see fit!
```suggestion
When using Honeywell scanners, change the *wedge method* settings to *Keyboard* so that the device
can process barcodes as keyboard characters and symbols.
.```

Author: That logic makes sense to me! Suggestion implemented ✅

Begin on the Honeywell scanner's home screen, and select :guilabel:`Settings`, represented by a
:guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon. Then, click :guilabel:`Honeywell Settings`, followed by
:guilabel:`Scanning`.

From here, click :guilabel:`Internal Scanner`, followed by :guilabel:`Default Profile`. From the
resulting list of options, select :guilabel:`Data Processing Settings`.

The :guilabel:`Data Processing Settings` specify how barcode data is processed by the computer.
Locate the :guilabel:`Wedge Method` setting. By default, this is set to :guilabel:`Standard`. Change
the :guilabel:`Wedge Method` setting to :guilabel:`Keyboard`.

.. image:: hardware/hardware-honeywell-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Data processing settings options for Honeywell scanner.

> Once all those steps have been taken, perform a test scan to ensure the Honeywell scanner is working
> properly, as intended.

Reviewer 2: Totally optional change for brevity
```suggestion
After completing the steps, conduct a test scan to verify the Honeywell scanner is working as intended.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

Cipherlab mobile computer scanner
=================================

> When using Cipherlab scanners, ensure the following configurations are set to prevent errors.

Reviewer 2: I asked barcode expert @dara-odoo for his insight, and he mentioned:
- prefers to not say "prevent errors" because it implies that Odoo might have errors.
- compared to my above suggestion about keyboard characters and symbols, he doesn't think explaining it in such detail is necessary. He'd personally keep it simple and say "it just works"

Feel free to consider these suggested rewrites (more detail or keeping it simple) and decide which angle you'd like to go with in your PR, Brandon (:

```suggestion
When using Cipherlab scanners, follow the instructions below to ensure barcodes can be scanned in
Odoo.
```

Author: I understand the logic about changing the language in the opening sentence for each section, and I actually agree with "keeping it simple" and then letting the reader follow the instructions below. So, I'm going with that suggestion 👍

Suggestion implemented ✅

Once all those steps have been taken, perform a test scan to ensure the Zebra scanner is working
properly, as intended.

Honeywell mobile computer scanner
=================================

When using Honeywell scanners, follow the instructions below to ensure barcodes can be scanned in
Odoo.

Begin on the Honeywell scanner's home screen, and select :guilabel:`Settings`, represented by a
:guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon. Then, click :guilabel:`Honeywell Settings`, followed by
:guilabel:`Scanning`.

From here, click :guilabel:`Internal Scanner`, followed by :guilabel:`Default Profile`. From the
resulting list of options, select :guilabel:`Data Processing Settings`.

The :guilabel:`Data Processing Settings` specify how barcode data is processed by the computer.

> Locate the :guilabel:`Wedge Method` setting. By default, this is set to :guilabel:`Standard`. Change
> the :guilabel:`Wedge Method` setting to :guilabel:`Keyboard`.
> 
> .. image:: hardware/hardware-honeywell-settings.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Data processing settings options for Honeywell scanner.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Locate the :guilabel:`Wedge Method` setting. By default, this is set to :guilabel:`Standard`.

.. image:: hardware/hardware-honeywell-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Data processing settings options for Honeywell scanner.

Change the :guilabel:`Wedge Method` setting to :guilabel:`Keyboard`.
```
OPTIONAL: Since the screenshot you used *still* shows the 'Standard' setting -- it feels like the placement of the image should come *before* mentioning that it needs to be switched to 'Keyboard.'

With this ordering, the reader will be able to follow along just a little bit easier. At least, that's how I *hope* they'd feel! haha what are your thoughts?

Author: Yeah, I totally get that logic. Because I had to rely on user manuals for some of these my options were pretty limited 😅 But I agree that changing the placement could help avoid confusion, so I'll change it.

Suggestion implemented ✅

After completing the steps, conduct a test scan to verify the Honeywell scanner is working as
intended.

Cipherlab mobile computer scanner
=================================

When using Cipherlab scanners, follow the instructions below to ensure barcodes can be scanned in
Odoo.

Begin on the Cipherlab scanner's home screen, and navigate to the :menuselection:`App Drawer (All
Applications)`. Then, click the :guilabel:`ReaderConfig` app, represented by an orange

> :guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon laid over a blue barcode icon.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon over a blue barcode icon.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

Next, select the :guilabel:`Default Profile`, or create a new profile, if needed.

Under the :guilabel:`General Settings`, click :guilabel:`Data Output`, followed by
:guilabel:`Keyboard Emulation`.

.. image:: hardware/hardware-cipherlab-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Cipherlab scanner data output setting page.

> By default, the :guilabel:`Input Method` under :guilabel:`Keyboard Emulation` is set to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, the :guilabel:`Input Method`, under :guilabel:`Keyboard Emulation`, is set to
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

:guilabel:`Default Mode`. Change this setting to :guilabel:`KeyEvent`.

.. image:: hardware/hardware-cipherlab-emulation.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Cipherlab scanner keyboard emulation settings.

After completing the steps, conduct a test scan to verify the Cipherlab scanner is working as

> intended.

Reviewer 3: Do you think there's an opportunity for a :seealso: block here at the bottom to related Barcode docs? Could be a nice way to round out the doc...what do you think?

Author: Yeah, that's a good idea. I'll link the one other doc in this subsection (`software`) to round it out.

Suggestion implemented ✅

:guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon. Then, click :guilabel:`Honeywell Settings`, followed by
:guilabel:`Scanning`.

From here, click :guilabel:`Internal Scanner`, followed by :guilabel:`Default Profile`. From the
resulting list of options, select :guilabel:`Data Processing Settings`.

The :guilabel:`Data Processing Settings` specify how barcode data is processed by the computer.
Locate the :guilabel:`Wedge Method` setting. By default, this is set to :guilabel:`Standard`.

.. image:: hardware/hardware-honeywell-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Data processing settings options for Honeywell scanner.

Change the :guilabel:`Wedge Method` setting to :guilabel:`Keyboard`.

After completing the steps, conduct a test scan to verify the Honeywell scanner is working as
intended.

Cipherlab mobile computer scanner
=================================

When using Cipherlab scanners, follow the instructions below to ensure barcodes can be scanned in
Odoo.

Begin on the Cipherlab scanner's home screen, and navigate to the :menuselection:`App Drawer (All
Applications)`. Then, click the :guilabel:`ReaderConfig` app, represented by an orange

> :guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon over a blue barcode icon.

Reviewer 4: Small nitpick- add icon descriptor formatting around this too. I know this is an odd case since you are describing an app icon that is made up of multiple icons and colors.
```suggestion
:guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon over a blue :guilabel:`(barcode)` icon.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅
